Detailing a Use Case


Use Case: Register
Actors
	Online user (primary actor)
Servers  (secondary actor)
 
	Pre-conditions
	1. User does not have an account with Travpedia
2. User has an email address
 
	Flow of events
	1. User opens the Travpedia website
2. User is on the homepage and clicks ‘Create an Account’ link
3. The system presents the user with an interface with empty fields asking for the following details:
            - Email Address
            - Password
            - Confirm Password
4. User fills these fields in and clicks ‘Next’
5. User then has the option to provide their mobile number and tick ‘please text and email me with Travpedia deals and promotional offers’ if they wish to receive this service 
6. User ticks ‘I have read and agree to the Terms and Conditions’
7. User clicks ‘Create Account’ button
            - If any details are invalid or a field has not been filled, the user will be shown an error message and asked to re-enter their information
8. The system validates the users details and sends a confirmation email to the users email address
9. The system displays a message telling the user that they should have received a confirmation email and that they should open this email to verify their email address
10.User opens the confirmation email and clicks on the link to verify their email address
11.The system redirects them back to Travpedia website and informs the user that their registration was successful
 
	Post-conditions
	1. Details are stored and backed in the servers
2. The user is now registered and is signed in
3. The user can now search and make a booking
 
	Scenarios
	1. User forgets to tick the box confirming they have read and agree to the terms and conditions – cannot proceed to next page
2. User does not confirm their email address - their registration is incomplete
3. User leaves the interface before clicking ‘Create Account’ – registration is incomplete
 
	Additional notes
	The user has the opportunity to update their profile by going into their account, here they can specify travel and hotel preferences
 
	 
Use Case: Make a booking (Hotel only)
Actors
	Online user (primary actor)
Servers  (secondary actor)
Third Party Consortium (secondary actor)
 
	Pre-conditions
	1. User is registered with Travpedia
2. User has signed in
 
	Flow of events
	1. User is on the homepage where they can begin entering their search criteria
2. User ticks ‘Hotel’. Other options include:
            - Travel
            - Hotel & Travel
3. The interface changes slightly to accommodate booking a hotel only, the following details are required:
            ­- Destination/Hotel name (User can enter  
              town, city, region or specific hotel)
            - Check in date (link to a calendar)
            - Check out date (link to a calendar)
            - How many rooms
            - How many adults
            - How many children
            - Target price range
4. User clicks ‘Search’
5. The system presents the user with a list of available hotels, who have subscribed to Travpedia, matching their search criteria
6. User browses the search results. Can filter by:
                    - Price
                    - Star rating
                    - Board basis
And sort by:
                    - Price
                    - Review score
                    - Star rating
7. User click on the hotel they would like to book
8. The system presents the user with a more detailed view of the hotel including photos and specific rooms available
9. User selects which type of room they want and selects how many of these rooms they require
10. User clicks ‘Book Now’
11.The system presents the user with an interface with empty fields asking for various payment details:
- Name on card
- Billing address
- Card type
- Account number
- Sort code
- Expiry date
- Security number
- Voucher code (if entered, the system will reload the page displaying the new price to pay)
- Option to have Travpedia save payment  details
12. User fills in all the fields
13. User ticks to agree to terms and conditions
14. User clicks ‘Pay Now’
15. User is presented with another screen summarising booking and payments details
16. User clicks ‘Confirm’
17. The transaction information is securely passed by the system to the credit/debit card consortium where the user’s payment details are validated
18. The system redirects the users to a page thanking them for their booking
 
	Post-conditions
	1. User receives a confirmation email
2. Details of the booking are stored in the servers – behaviour of user is used to determine future promotional offers and recommendations
3. Payment details are securely stored in the servers (if user selects to save payment details)
4. Details of the booking are available to view in ‘Manage Bookings’
5. Hotel company is notified of the booking
 
	Scenarios
	1. The destination or hotel name the user has specified produces no matches
2. User enters the incorrect account number  – consortium confirms this, system generates an error message
3. User may think booking is complete after clicking ‘Pay Now’ – leaves website before clicking ‘Confirm’ – booking is incomplete
4. When user clicks ‘Confirm’, the system loads for several minutes and eventually times out – booking is incomplete
 
	

 Use Case: Cancel a booking
Actors
	1. Online user (primary actor)
2. Servers (secondary actor)
	Pre-conditions
	1. User is registered
2. User is logged in
3. User has made a booking
4. The terms and conditions of the booking in question specify that cancellations are permitted


	Flow of events
	1. User clicks ‘Manage Bookings’ on the websites homepage
2. The system directs the user to a page showing their past and current bookings
3. User clicks on the booking they wish to cancel
4. The system shows the booking in more detail with an option to cancel the booking
5. User clicks ‘Cancel booking’
6. User is asked to confirm that they are sure they want to cancel the booking
7. User clicks ‘Confirm Cancellation’
8. This information is relayed to the credit/debit card consortium which will handle the refund  
9. The system redirects the user to a page confirming their cancellation was successful


	Post-conditions
	1. Hotel company is notified of the cancellation
2. User receives email confirmation of cancellation
3. Booking is removed from the user’s account in ‘Manage Bookings’
4. Servers are updated of changes
5. User receives money into their bank account 
 
	Scenarios
	1. User disputes a no refund policy – not possible using website. User must contact the company directly
2. User leaves the website after clicking ‘Cancel Booking’ – User has not clicked ‘Confirm Cancellation’ – Booking has not been cancelled