Specification

Travpedia is an online travel and hotel booking system. Travel and
accommodation companies are able to subscribe to Travpedia for a monthly
subscription cost of £200 plus an initial £50 joining fee. This subscriptions
allows the company to offer their products on the Travpedia website where they
can be purchased by visiting users. Travel products that are eligible for
advertisement on the Travpedia website include journeys by road, rail, sea and
air while accommodation products include hostels, hotels and resorts. These
products can be offered both individually and as packages.

Visitors to the website, after registering an account, are able to search for
all available products offered by these subscribed companies. They are able to
search with a number of criteria including type of product, number of people,
location, date and price. These users can then book and pay for these products
through the website. Users may also rate and review individual products and
services that they have purchased. A product gains a review score based on
these ratings. This review rating system provides a further search criteria
whereby a user can filter by product rating.

Payments made by both subscribing companies and users are handled online by a
third party consortium. Subscribers must pay by debit or credit card while
users have the additional option of paying with gift vouchers offered by
Travpedia.

Users are able to view bookings they have made and, where possible, cancel
these bookings and receive a refund via the third party consortium.

Travpedia disseminates advertisements and promotional offers to users based on
previous patterns of use and previous purchases. These personalised offering
are sent to mobile phones through SMS and email accounts and are displayed on
the Travpedia website through the use of banners. Users may opt out of
receiving phone and email alerts.

Travpedia also has a number of critical compliance and security requirements.
Travpedia stores user's personal information and payment details that should
not be disclosed to other parties or kept for any longer than necessary. If
this data is maliciously accessed, disclosed, leaked or manipulated it could
breach confidentiality and data protection. Furthermore, any transaction
information sent to the third party consortium used for payment must be kept
secure. This is done with encryption using 128-bit SSL certificates.

During peak time, Travpedia receives up to one million simultaneous users and
is designed to handle this number of users. The design is also scalable to
accommodate its growing number of users and subscribers. This system is used by
users 24 hours a days and must be always available. All data that Travpedia
stores must also be kept safe from system failures. For this reason, user's
profile, itinerary and transaction data and subscribers data are stored and
backed up on three database servers in three distinct locations. Two of these
locations are in the UK and the other is in the USA. This allows Travpedia to
minimise downtime after unforeseen system failures.

Scope

The scope of our design is limited primarily to subsystems devoted to user’s
interactions with the Travpedia website. In particular, we will consider the
following:
* Travpedia account registration.
* Searching for products.
* Making new bookings.
* Viewing and cancelling previous bookings.

Assumptions

We have made a number of assumptions regarding the external systems and
remaining internal modules described in the whole system specification. We
assume that these other modules have their own interface with which we can
communicate when necessary.

Subscribers All aspects of company subscriptions to Travpedia are handled by a
separate module. We assume that vouchers are provided by subscribers.

Consortium The third party consortium will deal with all aspects of forwarding
userpayments to Travpedia’s subscribers. We will be responsible for sending
user payments to this consortium who will then respond accordingly about the
success of the transaction.

Database We can make a number of requests to the database including updating
and retrieving user profile and account data, product information, rating
information and voucher information. In addition to this, the database ensures
its data is encrypted to protect it from leaks and attempts of malicious
access. We also assume that another module handles ensuring this data is backed
up across the three distinct database locations. Finally, this module also
ensures that data is not held longer than necessary in order to comply with the
Data Protection Act.

Review scores A separate module handles user reviews and ratings and keeps
these up to date in the database. We can request this information to inform
user searches and be displayed on product pages.

Email and phone notifications Users can request email and phone notifications.
Our system will provide the user with the option to receive these, but a
separate module deals with the selection and dissemination of this information.
